well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about something that we talk about a lot
you know I've had people congratulate me
because over the weekend some videos
from 20 18 or so went viral talking
about police tactics they went viral
because they're relevant the videos were
made a couple years ago and they were
discussing training that took place a
decade before and they're still relevant
because that training still isn't being
applied I would love it when I'd love to
see the day when those videos are not
relevant anymore but they are they are
because they're institutions within the
United States that are very reluctant to
change they don't want to change they
don't want to be reformed they don't
want to apply best practices what they
do want to do as far as training goes is
train the American people to excuse and
justify or just look the other way for
anything that they do get them to defend
the indefensible and they've done a
really good job about it they're experts
at it at this point so tonight we're
going to talk about Wendy's Atlanta in
the Constitution you know there's a
premise that's very popular pretty much
all over the world and the idea
basically boils down to the the concept
that before you face punishment for
something you are going to go through
some formalized structure that is going
to render judgment and determine whether
or not you should face punishment it's
called due process it's enshrined in the
US Constitution the only times that it's
okay to circumvent due process is if
there's an immediate threat of loss of
life or great bodily injury - you know
yourself or society at large so if you
are one of those people who believe that
any resistance to law enforcement
warrants
the use of lethal force you do not
support the Constitution take that We
the People banner off of your social
media you don't support it you don't
care about it you've probably never read
it to you it's a bumper sticker just
like any sports team it means nothing
resistance alone is not enough for the
use of lethal force sorry if you don't
know what happened
the gentleman pulls into a Wendy's
drive-through nods off falls asleep law
enforcement gets called law enforcement
responds they they talk to him they
believe him to be intoxicated from the
video he appears to be he resists they
deploy taser taser fails to subdue the
suspect he takes the Taser and grinds
cops shoot him
now there's an argument that's going
around and it's super popular and I want
to make sure I'm real clear on this
because I don't want it to appear to be
a straw man the argument is that because
the suspect had that weapon that taser
well then the cops were justified
because they had a reasonable fear of
loss of life just forget for a second
that the Taser is a non-lethal device I
mean let's not let facts get in the way
of a good narrative you know the idea is
that law enforcement was justified
because of that they had a reasonable
fear because of that the trained officer
with a belt full of tools and a partner
there had a reasonable fear because of
the Taser fine fine
where did the suspect get the Taser it
was being used against him lethal forces
the end of the continuum it's the end of
the spectrum if lethal force is
justified everything else is if the
trained officer believed that the Taser
could cause loss of life certainly the
intoxicated person could that justifies
everything they did completely absorbs
the suspect of everything from the
second that taser came out everything
that happened after that well it's okay
that's the argument isn't it that the
Taser alone that that taser is what made
lethal force okay if lethal force is
okay everything else is its way the
spectrum works so certainly running away
would be okay I think it's sad that the
American people have bought into this
idea that the average citizen even while
intoxicated is supposed to remember
their training and do everything that
they're supposed to do and do everything
right and comply 100% but the officer
who gets paid to deal with this and who
is supposed to be trained in this look
they can just you know shoot
they want without accountability that's
a premise that leads to authoritarianism
and I get it
I know we've always had two sets of laws
right for some people for those others
for people who look like this guy you
know they got to do things better
cleaner they got to make sure they do
everything right because laws whether
they apply to them but I mean only
little because they're different they're
just a whole lot of people who are sick
of that the other idea is that well he
did something wrong maybe maybe you know
what I'm gonna take I'm gonna go further
not just was he intoxicated he had all
kinds of illicit stuff in the cartel
guess what doesn't change a thing that
doesn't make the force justified from
the evidence that we have seen it wasn't
it was wholly unjustified from where I'm
standing based on everything we've seen
there was no reason to do this and as
long as we only focus on the choirboys
those people that we can hold up and say
look this person was 100% completely
innocent of everything for their entire
life this is never gonna change this is
that we have to stop that we have to
stop just looking for those people who
had never done anything wrong in their
life because that's what law enforcement
does they go through their entire
history and drag out stuff like parking
tickets or the time the person got
busted in 1997 it doesn't matter it
doesn't relate to what happened right
then
if the officer believed that the Taser
created a reasonable fear of loss of
life
the suspect certainly could have and
then that justifies all of their actions
especially in today's climate
maybe maybe all of these Patriots should
actually read the Constitution and
understand that it applies to everybody
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night